
  - beginning-cutscene -

  Something does not feel quite right. You had been dozing off, in the
  intermediate state between asleep and awake, but just now something
  has made you feel a bit strange. You slowly open your eyes, and to
  your alarm you discover that you are not in the same place you were
  when you first closed them. In fact, you have no idea where you are.
  You cannot remember anything.

  You stand on a large set of rolling plains, the sky above you is
  speckled with numerous stars that dimly light up the landscape. At a
  point in the distance you see shimmering light.

  As you appear to have no other recourse, you begin to walk toward this
  light, although it seems very far away. In fact, your steps do not
  appear to make a difference in how bright it becomes. It still looms
  just as far away from when you first perceived it, even as you walk
  more and more.

  After some time you begin to doubt that you will ever reach the source
  of that light. You stop and look back into pitch black darkness. It
  seems your only hope is to continue toward the point and perhaps,
  eventually, you will you reach it.

  When you turn forward again, you are shocked to see that the light has,
  somehow, gone from very far away to very close.

  You can see it clearly now. The light comes from what looks like a
  doorway, but across the threshold is a thin material that seems to
  shimmer. This is the source of the light. You find it difficult to
  look away from this gateway. It is enthralling, but somehow it demands
  your attention. You notice too late that something is pulling you into
  it, an invisible force, grabing at you and forcing you forward inch by
  inch. You try to resist, but your efforts are fruitless. The force
  grows stronger and stronger and you begin to realize that you can do
  nothing to stop it. It lifts you off of the air, and sucks you into
  the shimmering surface of the portal...

  - power-mountain/cave/start -

  It is silent. The howling vortex of noise that had been nearly tearing
  apart your ears just a moment ago has stopped.

  You stand at a dead end in a cave, dimly lit by glowing mushrooms and
  other fungus. The walls are made of rounded rocks, and are wet to the
  touch. You can barely make out a way through the cave just ahead of
  you, although it seems rather dangerous.

  You make your way forward slowly, tripping on outcropped rocks at every
  step, but you have just enough vision to see where you are going. The
  cave walls around you slowly start to widen until they eventually give
  way to a large cave.

  You yell for help as loud as you can, and your voice echoes all around.
  Nothing else appears to happen.

  - power-mountain/cave/main-cave -

  You stand inside of a massive cavern, cracks on the ceiling allowing
  slim rays of sunlight to cascade off of the walls. Stalagmites line
  the ceiling above a pool of water that dominates the majority of the
  walking space. You see an exit across the pool of water, and you also
  see a smaller path that leads further underground. You hear a very
  feint voice, almost not there, calling out from a passageway across
  the pool.

  You have no idea how deep this pool is. It could be too deep to wade
  through.

  You find a pebble and toss it into the pool. Eerily, it does not make a
  splashing sound or any ripples. Something seems very off about this
  "water".

  You dive into the pool holding firmly onto the plank of dry wood you
  had found before. It floats up and takes you with it, allowing you to
  use your feet to kick your way across the water. After a bit of time
  you are safely on the other bank. You get out of the water sopping wet
  and continue onward. To your surprise, the passage out is marked with a
  thick, wooden door that does not have a handle. Luckily it is unlocked
  and you can push it open, but it is so heavy that it takes a lot of
  strength to do so. When you finally get through, the door slams shut
  behind you and astonishingly seems to morph into the wall. All you see
  now is a large wall of rock. You suppose you have no way back.

  You dive into the pool and realize that this was a mistake. The pool is
  very deep, and something is not quite right about the water. You cannot
  float on it; the pool pulls you under even as you are only a few feet
  from the bank. You kick hard but you are unable to get enough force to
  float up. You slip deeper and deeper into the water until you fall
  through a waterfall and land painfully on the cave floor. Gasping for
  air, you stand up.

  - power-mountain/cave/underground-atrium -

  You stand in a small cavern below the large pool of water in the large
  cavern above. Water droplets drip noisily from the ceiling, and you
  get a foreboding sense that the ceiling could collapse on top of you
  at any moment. The noise of water rushing is coming from a passage to
  your left, but the passage ahead of you is silent. You can also go up
  into the large cavern with the pool.

  - power-mountain/cave/underground-waterfall -

  In this cavern, a small waterfall comes out of the ceiling and pushes
  water into stream that goes into the cave wall. You do not think you
  could you could force your way through the stream, as the hole is too
  small and the rocks around it look rather sharp. You can only see one
  way out.

  - power-mountain/cave/underground-forest -

  You see stream winding its way through this passage, extruding out of
  the left wall and continuing further on. It seems to be the same water
  that was in the pool somewhere above you. It blocks your path. A
  massive tree trunk grows out of one of the walls, its roots firmly
  entrenched between broken boulders and other thick rocks. The stream
  goes directly underneath it at one point.

  The stream is very shallow and you have no problem skipping over it.
  However, once you get to the other side you see clearly that the cave
  has a very sharp drop off. You follow the stream down the cavern a
  ways and discover that it makes its way off of the cliff edge. It
  seems you cannot continue this way. You go back to the entrance of the
  room.

  You approach the tree.

  It appears to be dead. Its wood is dry, and its roots seem to be
  withering.

  At second glance, though, you notice something rather odd: the stream
  brushes up against one of the tree's roots, yet somehow the root is
  still extremely dry.

  How strange! Upon closer inspection, you see that the stream actually
  runs beneath the root, which is single-handedly holding up the cave
  floor above it by floating on the stream. You wonder if there is
  another pool of water under your feet, and if this tree is the only
  thing keeping you dry. Perhaps because the tree is so dry, it does not
  absorb the water and remains buoyant. A piece of the tree's bark juts
  out from the root. The wood's powerful buoyancy seems useful, so you
  break it off and carry it with you.

  - power-mountain/golem-temple/start -

  - power-mountain/golem-temple/choice-fork -

  You stand at a fork between two identical passages: both clearly
  man-made. Torches line the walls, draping flickering shadows of rocks
  across the floor.

  The voice you heard in the large cavern has stopped.

  CONSCIENCE: "The door I found is just over to the left, once we get
  there we can figure out how to get through it!" She seems a bit too
  excited for this sort of thing.

  You take the left fork and begin going down a walkway of torches.

  - power-mountain/golem-temple/left-fork -

  You walk for a few minutes with Conscience happily skipping at your
  side. She seems thrilled to have a traveling companion, and you have
  to admit you feel better not having to be alone anymore. You
  eventually come upon a closed metal door that does not have a handle.

  CONSCIENCE: "This is the door I found!". She rushes over to it, but her
  excitement turns to dejection in the blink of an eye. "But I still
  don't know how to get past it." You walk up next to her and survey the
  door for yourself.

  You decide that you cannot pass this door at the moment.

  CONSCIENCE: "Of course I tried that. It's locked though, you can see
  for yourself."

  You put some force on the door, which doesn't budge, and note that you
  probably could not push your way past it.

  CONSCIENCE: "I don't have the slightest clue who put them up or what
  keeps them lit."

  CONSCIENCE: "Like I said, I am just as lost in this place as you are."

  CONSCIENCE: "I noticed that too. Maybe you aren't supposed to open it
  with a handle?"

  She pauses a moment to consider the door, and then her face lights up.
  CONSCIENCE: "That must be it! Maybe we just have to ask it?" Before
  you can stop her from undertaking such ridiculousness, Conscience has
  already laid a hand on the outside of the door. "Hello? Mr. Door? It
  would be super great if you could please open up for us?"

  The door doesn't do anything. You don't want to admit it, but for a
  moment there you thought that it might have been that easy.

  CONSCIENCE: "Thanks, <player_name>. We'll get through eventually!"

  CONSCIENCE: "If it had worked, I doubt you would be complaining about
  its silliness."

  CONSCIENCE: "I don't see *you* coming up with any good ideas!"

  At that moment the wall next to the door begins to move. It extrudes
  out steadily, the rocks grinding together with echoing crumbles. You
  and Conscience are too surprised to move as you watch the wall slide
  out and then slowly come to a stop. Then you notice that it is shaped
  vaugely humanoid: Something like a big, rocky head is lowering down to
  the both of you, two sockets with glowing gems and a mouth of cobbled
  together stones. Whatever the thing is, it moves slowly and
  deliberately, gazing at the two of you for a long moment before
  speaking in a hoarse, but loud voice.

  ROCK CREATURE: "Why do you make such noise? I require silence for my
  slumber. It has been agreed."

  You are shocked for only a moment before you manage to regain your
  composure. When you do, you find Conscience clutching your arm and
  standing behind you.

  Conscience is too terrified to be of any assistance. Her eyes are wide
  and her mouth trembles and she cannot seem to say a word.

  The creature does not appear to understand your question.

  ROCK CREATURE: "I am here. I am always here. It has been agreed."

  The creature heaves a sigh, which involves much grinding of boulders
  and the sound of a wind that you do not feel. It sends shivers down
  your spine nonetheless.

  ROCK CREATURE: "I am not to be disturbed. It has been agreed."

  It moves its face right next to the both of you; Conscience's
  fingernails cut into your arm painfully. However, the pose isn't
  threatening, but seems... considering.

  ROCK CREATURE: "Anger does not befit me. You will leave this temple
  now. You will not come back. It has been agreed."

  It turns to the door that you and Conscience could not get past and
  with an effortless nudge, swings it open, slamming it against
  something on the other side.

  Without another word it swoops the two of you up in its other hand and
  ushers you out. The door slams shut behind you, the metal ringing
  loudly, echoing all around. The light of the outside temporarily
  blinds you and you shield your eyes. When they finally adjust to the
  sun...

  You walk for a few minutes past row after row of torches until you are
  forced to stop: the passage onward is marred by a large, metal door.
  This door, like the previous one you saw, does not appear to have a
  handle. It looms down on you as if daring you to touch it.

  You notice that the cave floor beneath your feet has turned into a
  cobblestone path.

  You decide that you cannot pass this door at the moment.

  At first you nudge the door and find that it is locked tight. You then
  push harder and harder, but your feet slip on the rock beneath you. It
  looks like you aren't strong enough to push it open.

  You kick the door and receive a throbbing pain in your toe,
  accomplishing little else. The door remains as tightly shut as when
  you first saw it.

  You chuck the plank of wood at the door. It makes a loud "clank" and
  falls to the floor. You swear you hear a brief sound, like the
  grinding of rocks, but when you freeze and look around, you do not see
  anything.

  - power-mountain/golem-temple/right-fork -

